also ask
also the places
for all
after the start of the grand prize of Austria reads at that time seemed to be
jumped like
the EWE look like Lacke
like Father at the beginning of the capital shortage
b
Olfen
on the first steel value of Kasper's first sounds the guests and
Coach believes him but special children also CAS suitcase
becomes
dies at Inter you see them Speedy Rottweiler outside puts Werner
looks year old followed by the top duo behind it already the home straight
with some distance he would have to take advantage of the bank's title
Oberbank just November and thus as before Tina Mark
that is now the first fair castles
Furthermore, Kindle's main choir outside Berners leads ideally with the side
he stands in court Nodar a Zentek Kasper lives before the same
Zillertal Clemens Tidy's judgment then top 2 4 behaviors
he would have to
on the revolving stage children's main choir with Werner continue to get in it
Forms behind Cars advised the narrator Thaler followed by the Speed ​​IO
Therefore, it is done on the outside in front of the old ones to take back the top thanks to all Oker in the
Ferrari November on Bort Damon XVI
and here lean this Pulkkinen on the eye
the federation and also reasonably more except with the example CSG to the second
times by the state the bow
in a fairly unaltered order
against Laub choir with a short length before like to be ideal in Ancaster IPA
outside the Zillertal they Speedy place all outside two servants Erfurt up to
Take Back Tieto
as did past Wember metallers Roger Ford a Monkey
and meet him on the eye
the field on the last stretch has halved the still
would come back
According to Kurt then leads outside as ideal in the unchanged Kostelic
the Zillertaler for Speed ​​IO work van Buyten he is now one outside
Aden score in between, believe yourself Four, we are
already in the final bow King loud Kurt Bauer Bernd the ideal outside Kasper
Ideas is no
Kastalio will fall back with it again
Zillertal
as a guest
At the beginning, a loud energy belief is still hereby that would be ideal
and outside the Zillertal the app employer and with a cheap
has a clear leadership
the Zillertaler before Werner Segal cash laptop only on it again at but the
Great price of Austria then returns to her time was close to it
Ganassi Carlo and Pop 2
but while at the assassin outside winners of the grand prize of
Austria with start number new the Abt yearlings
Austrian rapp-angel of the Zillertal
the owner community Kylie Ando
and the Marie Hofer
Victory was is Franke pattern in goal at any time so this is in 1 16 com 8
we will
Announce the winner Frank eyed light then just let speak
Completed Mandy Siege is the winner and is made
then Waltenberger as Deputy Guildmaster of the
Viennese building cleaner
together
With
please for President Docter Jussef Kirchberger
Soon he has to be the primary school students to this great win in the grand prize
from Austria with every taler
I'm sure they've been friends a bit with the last start
Munich days I think Neymar still they can testify of that
that is the goal of the big prize of Austria one percent
that they are the picture equal to Duke Deister what they say in honor
Pröll's protégé got the lake Rostan from Wolfgang Butt
First, you want to say one
very big thank you to an owner community of trainers
Wolfgang Rolff that they demand